[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
Gohan finally finished
powering up!
Good luck, son. Give Buu
exactly what he deserves.
I will.
[NARRATOR] Back on Earth,
Gotenks' fusion powers ran out,
and with it mankind's
last chance at survival.
That is, until...
No, it's not my dad--
it's my brother! He's okay!
[NARRATOR]
Reinforcements arrived!
Gohan was ready to put his new
powers to the ultimate test!
Boy. Come on. Are you
really planning to fight me?
Fight you?
No, I'm planning to kill you.
♪ Opening Song ♪
You think you can kill me?
If you want me
to kick your ass again, boy,
why don't you just say so?
Heh.
[growls]
[SUPER BUU growling]
[yells]
[SUPER BUU groans]
[gasps]
[BOTH gasp]
[growls]
[yells]
Now you've done it.
Whoa! Gohan!
He's so strong.
[growling]
[screams]
[GOHAN]
Hm.
[SUPER BUU groaning]
[TRUNKS] Look!
Gohan's winning! Finish him!
Aw. What's wrong, Buu?
I thought you said you
were gonna kick my ass?
[yells]
I will kick your ass!
I will kick and kick
and kick again!
[yells]
[PICCOLO] I can't believe
what I'm seeing!
Is that really the same Gohan?
He's dominating Majin Buu
in a one-on-one battle!
And he's doing it
without going Super Saiyan!
Gohan! You rule!
All right, Buu,
quit playing around.
Those attacks were strong,
but not strong enough
to keep you on your back
for this long.
[SUPER BUU grunts]
Well, what's wrong?
Why aren't you attacking me?
--[GOHAN yells]
--[SUPER BUU groans]
[yelling]
[SUPER BUU yelling]
--[GOTEN] He's gonna hit us!
--[TRUNKS] Guys, run!
[SUPER BUU screams]
[GOHAN grunting]
[SUPER BUU yelling]
[yelling]
[SUPER BUU screaming]
That's... Gohan?
[SUPER BUU]
No! No! No! Nooo!
No!
[GOHAN]
Looking for me?
You are a fool.
You talk to me this way?
I'm no fool!
[GOTEN]
He did not just say that.
Gohan insulted Buu
right to his face!
Why are you guys
always getting so arrogant
when you power up?!
[SUPER BUU growling]
How dare you make fun of me!
[screams]
[ALL holler]
[yells]
[GOHAN yells]
[SUPER BUU groaning]
[whistles]
[PICCOLO]
Aah!
[GOTEN, TRUNKS]
He won!
It's over, Buu. You can't win.
[SUPER BUU laughing]
[SUPER BUU] So, you're the one.
I knew you'd come.
[GOHAN]
One? What are you talking about?
[SUPER BUU laughing]
I knew a stronger
warrior was out there.
When I was fighting
the little ones,
I could sense your energy.
♪
[SUPER BUU]
Somewhere far, far away
you were training for this.
Building up your strength
to face me in battle.
Well, I can't let
anyone in this universe
become stronger than me.
Now I see. So this whole
battle's just been a test
to see if I'm the great fighter
you were worried about.
Well then, this must be a real
heartbreaker for you, Buu.
[SUPER BUU grunts]
So even in the middle
of fighting you boys,
Majin Buu was already
aware of Gohan's power
and was planning for
a battle with him, too?
But if he knew someone
stronger was coming,
why even fight us?
No one. No one can be stronger!
I am Buu. I have to be
the ultimate power!
You can't exist!
I won't allow it!
No! No! I have to wipe you
out of existence
no matter what it takes!
[bellows]
You really think
you can kill me?
You said yourself
I'm more powerful.
So you should realize
beating me is impossible.
I can't wait to try.
[gasps]
[SUPER BUU laughing]
[grunting]
Watch out!
[SUPER BUU yells]
I'm so, so thirsty.
[MR. SATAN groaning]
It's... beer!
Looks good!
[BEE whimpers]
I know, you're thirsty, boy.
But you can't have any.
I'll find you something,
don't worry.
[chuckles]
[MR. SATAN sobbing]
Uh, thank you, Gohan.
You saved us.
Sure.
Oh, man. We barely made it!
Majin Buu was trying
to blow us up with him!
Gohan you're the strongest
fighter ever!
To be able to pick us up
and outrun a blast that big!
Do you think
Majin Buu is really dead?
-I don't.
-[GOTEN, TRUNKS] What?
But we just saw him
self-destruct.
How could he still
be alive after that?
If he really had been
trying to defeat me,
the blast would've
been even bigger.
So big there'd be
no Earth left to stand on.
So what does that mean, then?
He just ran off?
I'm not sensing his energy.
That's because he's
still able to mask it.
So he's just waiting
for the right moment
to jump out and get us?
That's right. It sure sounded
like he was planning a trap.
[BOTH]
Hmmm. Ha-ha!
Even if he does come back,
we can handle him, no sweat!
He was barely
standing after just
a few minutes
fighting Gohan.
The new and improved
Gohan's just about as strong
as we are as Super Gotenks,
don't you think?
[GOTEN]
He's even stronger!
Wait, what? All right,
maybe a little bit.
So tell me, Gohan.
What did you do to get
your power levels so high?
[PICCOLO]
Hm!
[GOHAN chuckles]
[PICCOLO]
A Grand Supreme Kai, huh?
I'd tell you more,
but right now I need to know
who's got the Dragon Radar.
Wait, I thought Piccolo had it.
I handed it to you, right?
Uh, that's true.
I do have the Radar
in case we can still use it.
But Gohan, we lost Dende when
the Lookout was destroyed.
And without him
there are no Dragon Balls.
Just lifeless rocks.
What? You think the
Dragon Balls are gone?
We're not done yet.
Dende is still alive, Piccolo.
Try it. You can sense him
if you just focus.
What?
Yeah. It's faint but
he's there! He's still with us!
--I sense him, too!
--That direction!
[BOTH]
Ha!
Great! Dende's probably hurt,
so we better get moving.
Plus, there's no telling when
Buu will show his face again.
All right. Let's fly!
That crazy pink creep-o
really did a number on Earth.
I haven't seen a single
survivor anywhere!
[GOHAN]
Hm?
What is it?
You sense something, Gohan?
Yeah. Down there.
I want water. Cool, clean,
refreshing water.
Or beer. Beer's better.
Why didn't I drink that beer?
Dang explosion. Ruined my beer.
What?! Mr. Satan?
How is he the only person
still left on Earth?
Eh, he is the world champ--
I'm sure he'll be fine
on his own.
No. The humane thing
to do is bring him with us.
He's an arrogant goofball
but deep down he's a good man.
Plus, he did try to stop
Majin Buu, in his own way.
Tea would be good, too.
Tea with lemon. Lemonade.
A bathtub full of ice-cold
lemonade to drink from.
[groaning]
[MR. SATAN, BEE screaming]
[hollering]
Hey, that looks... like Gohan?
Hello there, sir!
[MR. SATAN]
Hello...
So, how was Dende
able to escape
Buu destroying the Lookout?
Buu had hours
while we were in the chamber.
More than enough time to
hunt down Dende and kill him.
Huh? My dad told me you and
Gotenks were fighting Buu
in the Hyperbolic Time Chamber,
but then he escaped
back to Earth. Is that right?
[PICCOLO] Right. Buu ripped
a hole between dimensions.
Yeah, I know. And it wasn't
long before you made
your own portal and
followed him to the Lookout.
But aren't you forgetting
time distortion, Piccolo?
A day out here equals
a year in the chamber.
So even if it had taken you
hours to follow him,
on Earth that
would've been nothing!
[PICCOLO]
You're right!
[MR. SATAN]
Ooh!
I got mixed up!
Lost track of the time lines
in the heat of battle.
I had it backwards,
like Buu had more time
than us, not less!
It took us a little more than
an hour to make our portal.
So only about ten seconds would
have passed out here on Earth!
Ha! Not even Buu's fast enough
to find Dende that quickly!
[screaming]
Guess Piccolo forgot
he had to hold you, too.
Eeh. Thanks. I owe ya.
Hey! I see Dende!
[screaming]
Hey!
[chuckles]
[GOHAN, PICCOLO chuckle]
That must have been some
quick thinking to get out alive.
I'm so proud of you.
[MR. SATAN groaning]
Thanks! But Mr. Popo
deserves the credit for this.
He's the one who saved me!
When Majin Buu appeared,
he started turning us
to chocolate.
Mr. Popo didn't hesitate.
He threw me from the tower!
Maybe some chocolate!
Dende, it's essential
you survive!
[DENDE screaming]
Hm. Good thing he did.
If you were killed,
the Dragon Balls would
become nothing but stones.
And we'd never be able
to restore humanity.
We're all in
Mr. Popo's debt now.
His clear-thinking
saved the world.
[GOTEN]
Ha-ha!
Hey, uh, kid.
Who is that little bald,
green-headed Martian fella?
Are you sure he's on our side?
Martian? Dende is
the Guardian of Earth.
Show him some respect, you goof!
That guy? You serious?
Gohan, I'm glad you're back!
Hey, I'm glad you're back!
[GOKU] All right!
It's all coming together!
Whew!
Goku. These Dragon Balls--
I can't believe I wasn't
aware of them. So,
how do they work, exactly?
Hmmm. The real question is,
"what's Majin Buu's next play"?
He's not gonna win,
but he could still cause
an awful lot of trouble!
[MR. SATAN]
No. No! Nooo!
B-B-Buu gobbled up
my little girl, too?
[BEE]
Hrrrm...
How could he do that to her?!
She's so young! My girl!
Come back to daddy!
Hey, hot shot.
If you're so strong,
how could you
let this happen to her?
In fact, what were you doing
when he was attacking?
I'm sorry, sir.
Don't get so
bent out of shape.
We're gonna bring her
back to life.
[MR. SATAN]
Huh?
You're gonna bring her
back to life?
Are you serious? You better
not be joking with me, son!
I'm not joking around!
I'm serious! I promise!
I swear, if you're
joking around,
I'll give you a time-out
like you've never been
timed-out before!
[gasps]
Majin Buu is back!
What? Like, right this minute?
Yeah, it's strange.
I didn't think he would
try to fight again so soon.
He's only been hiding an hour--
what kind of advantage
could that give him?
[ALL gasp]
Don't worry. I'm going to
finish him off for good.
Everyone else,
make sure you don't get
caught in the crossfire!
[GOHAN] All right, Buu. Let's
see how much you've changed.
[NARRATOR] Buu has returned
to resume the fight,
and Gohan's ready for him.
Next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
Well, that's weird.
Buu says he's come back
to fight Gotenks again!
Careful, boys. Buu must have
something up his sleeve!
[SUPER BUU] Are the little
ones afraid to fight me?
Where's the arrogant
warrior I met before?
Now all I see are cowards!
[GOKU]
Next time, on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN] That's a dirty move,
even for you!